Add open_grouped_issues option to README (#190)
github/accessibility-scanner: README.md

| `auth_context`            | No       | If scanned pages require authentication, a stringified JSON object containing username, password, cookies, and/or localStorage from an authenticated session                                        | `{"username":"some-user","password":"***","cookies":[...]}` |
| `skip_copilot_assignment` | No       | Whether to skip assigning filed issues to GitHub Copilot. Set to `true` if you don't have GitHub Copilot or prefer to handle issues manually                                                        | `true`                                                      |
| `include_screenshots`     | No       | Whether to capture screenshots of scanned pages and include links to them in filed issues. Screenshots are stored on the `gh-cache` branch of the repository running the workflow. Default: `false` | `true`                                                      |

> | `open_grouped_issues`     | No       | Whether to group filed issues together by violation type. Default: `false` | `true`                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `open_grouped_issues`     | No       | Whether to create a tracking issue which groups filed issues together by violation type. Default: `false` | `true`                                                      |
```
